hey it's rusty thanks for tuning in to
burning cereal today what I have for you
steak not just steak though a prime
ribeye I'm going to show you a great way
to prepare this let's go over those
ingredients and let's get started
so what do you need to make a great
ribeye a great ribeye and I got one
right here I got it from the guys at the
butcher block in Mission Viejo my
butchers bill and Brandon amazing cut of
beef they gave me so step one to making
this steak cast-iron skillet got
yourself a nice heavy well-seasoned
cast-iron skillet we're gonna take this
we're gonna put it inside our oven and
set our oven to broil and let it sit in
there by itself for about 15 minutes
while that's in there heating up we're
gonna prepare the steak so here is my
piece of meat we're just gonna brush
some olive oil on it all sides make sure
you get the edges
flip it over do the same
give it a little dust of salt hit it
with some crack pepper
flip it over again little dust of the
salt some of that fresh cracked pepper
lean it over on its side get some on all
sides and now we go check our pan so
it's been about 15 minutes now it's time
to start the steak so you got your pan
down first thing I like to do is render
all that fat so I'll put it down just
like that
you got on all sides
take a look at it yeah that's rendering
nicely then put it down for about 30
seconds on one side don't touch it just
leave it there
and you go ahead and flip it over
another 30 seconds
make sure you have a good sear on that
side beautiful
flip it over one last time put this in
the oven for two minutes once that two
minutes is up you're going to take it
out flip it over and put it back in for
two minutes okay so it's been in there
just getting ready to come out we're
gonna put it on our cutting board
and just let it rest cover it up a
little tin foil and let it go for five
minutes okay so it's been five minutes
let's see what we got oh look at that
that is pretty now the question is what
does it look like on the inside
suspense is killing me
ooh nice medium-rare hopefully you can
see that medium-rare on that side
medium-rare on that side that is gonna
be one hell of a steak that was it steak
how hard can it be
sear it broil it let it sleep for five
minutes done now let's take a bite and
see how it tastes
look at that can you see that that's
gorgeous
at the amazing piece apiece
amazing piece of you go see my friends
at the butcher block if you're in the
Orange County California area
talk to bill talk to Brandon telling me
you want some great beef you saw I'm
here I'm burnin cereal and we'll see you
next time